[Music]
and let me tell you something all right
we've been sitting around here for over
an hour and when I look around all I see
are people shooting the bowl and
drinking coffee not gonna help you oh he
was no you go ahead I think I want to
hear this
me too you aren't excuse me
you're right how those words taste
coming out of your mouth like vinegar
what is he wearing
it's below freezing do you have any
place to say tonight don't you dare lie
to me was this a bad idea what's the big
deal it's just for one night it is just
for one night right we yeah tell me just
one thing I should know about you but
unless it be called big night liyan this
is another one of your charities you
need to find out more about his past
he's been enrolled in seven different
institutions his grade point average
begins with zero he needs to do better
in school I'd love to work with him
who's mine yes sir
never had one before what a room to
yourself of that
[Music]
Mika's grades have improved enough that
he can go out for spring football how's
he doing been quite gotten the hang of
it yet it's all real nice what you're
doing but don't be surprised if one day
you wake up and he go
I heard you got you a new mama now she
fine - Michaels here tell him to sleep
with one out you threatened my son you
threatened me
Sandra Bullock and thank you later steam
is your family Michael you have to
protect him
Tony here's the quarterback you protect
his blindside when you look at him you
think of me yes ma'am that's Jay you're
gonna want to get this
[Music]
likes the best left tackle I've seen in
years
so
you're changing up always live look it's
changing my
the blindside I said you could thank me
later
it's later Bert